h1. PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin


h2. description

Simple glue plugin for using django-filebrowser in PyLucid



h2. install

h3. get/install filebrowser

pre. ~$ mkdir pylucid_plugins
~$ cd pylucid_plugins
~/pylucid_plugins$ git clone git://github.com/wardi/django-filebrowser-no-grappelli.git
~/pylucid_plugins$ ln -s ~/pylucid_plugins/django-filebrowser-no-grappelli/filebrowser ~/PyLucid_env/src/pylucid/pylucid_project/external_plugins/


h3. get/install glue plugin

pre. ~$ mkdir pylucid_plugins
~$ cd pylucid_plugins
~/pylucid_plugins$ git clone git://github.com/jedie/PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin.git
~/pylucid_plugins$ ln -s ~/pylucid_plugins/PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin/filebrowser_glue ~/PyLucid_env/src/pylucid/pylucid_project/external_plugins/

*Note:* You must restart the django process.

h3. create PluginPage

Create a PyLucid PluginPage to hook thre glue plugin, goto:

 * PyLucid admin menu / create content /  new plugin page
 
Use "external_plugins.filebrowser_glue" as app label
You should limit "PermitViewGroup" under PageTree Permissions!
e.g.: Create a new user group without adding users in this group. So only
the super can access the filebrowser:

 * Django admin site / Auth / Groups / Add


h3. settings

You can put every filebrowser settings in your local_settings.py!
Read, Available Settings: http://code.google.com/p/django-filebrowser/wiki/Settings

h2. fast repo update

To made a fast repository update, you can run this simple shell script:

pre. ~$ cd /path/to/PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin
/path/to/PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin$ ./update.sh

the update script runs "git pull origin master" or "svn update".





h2. history

* v0.1.0
** first version




h2. Backwards-incompatible changes

-




h2. links

* Homepage/Sourcecode pylucid glue plugin: http://github.com/jedie/PyLucid-FilebrowserGlue-plugin
* used no-grappelli django-filebrowser fork: http://github.com/wardi/django-filebrowser-no-grappelli
* origin django-filebrowser project page: http://code.google.com/p/django-filebrowser/